enableSingleRuntimeChunk() caution to avoid having multiple JS calls (#857)
ezsystems/developer-documentation: docs/guide/bundles.md

	module.exports = customConfig;
```

!!! tip

>     If you don't plan to add multiple entry files on the same page in your custom config, you need to use `disableSingleRuntimeChunk()` funtion to avoid adding a separate `runtime.js` file. Otherwise your JS code may be ran multiple times. By default `enableSingleRuntimeChunk()` function is used.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    If you don't plan to add multiple entry files on the same page in your custom config, use the `disableSingleRuntimeChunk()` funtion to avoid adding a separate `runtime.js` file. Otherwise, your JS code may be run multiple times. By default, the `enableSingleRuntimeChunk()` function is used.
```
